1. Chicken Curry Ramen.  Japanese fried chicken & noodles in a delicious curry broth.
2. Pork Ribs.  Pork Ribs smothered with Kentucky style BBQ sauce.
3. Beef Bourguignon.  6oz Black Angus beef burger topped with crispy bacon, red wine braised onions, Raclette cheese.
4. Chicken Katsu Curry.  Succulent chicken in a crispy Japanese panko crumb with mild curry sauce, pickles and steamed rice.
5. Pepperoni Melt.  This one’s got our triple cheese blend, tomato sauce and pepperoni.
6. Lamb Meatballs with Spaghetti.  Handmade lamb patties grilled and topped with Greek yoghurt, tomato sauce, and onions.
7. Aromatic Duck Rolls.  Aromatic roast duck, hoisin sauce, cucumber, spring onion, rolled in rice paper.
8. Slow Cooked Beef in Chianti Sauce.  Beef shin and shallots slow cooked in rich Chianti red wine sauce with a cheesy dumpling.
9. Pork Porchetta.  Slow-roasted pork belly in herbed red wine sauce, served with roasted new potatoes and broccoli.
10. Cured Salmon Sashimi.  Dazzling beetroot cured slices of salmon served with lemon.
11. Beef Brisket and Venison Tagliatelle.  A beef, brisket, venison, red wine and beef dripping ragu with tagliatelle, fresh bufala mozzarella and crispy sage.
12. Rustica Chorizo Pizza.  Chorizo salami, torn wild boar and pork meatballs, smoked mozzarella and baby sunblush tomatoes.
13. Butterfly Chicken Burger.  Two succulent chicken breasts joined by crispy skin, packaged in a Portuguese roll and topped with tomato and lettuce.
14. American Hot Pizza.  Pepperoni, mozzarella and tomato, with your choice of hot green, Roquito or jalapeno peppers.
15. Beef Angus Burger.  6oz beef burger with baby gem lettuce and plum tomato in a chargrilled brioche bun with Dijon mayonnaise.
16. Beer Battered Fish with Chips.  with frites and pea & mint puree.
17. Wild Boar Polpette.  Oven-baked herby wild boar and pork meatballs in a pomodoro sauce with melted smoked mozzarella.
18. Steak.  Sliced Black Angus rump steak with red onion chutney, watercress, and Dijon mayonnaise.
19. Canelloni.  pasta with béchamel, mozzarella and Gran Milano cheese.
20. Supreme Pizza.  Cheese and tomato, onion, mushroom, fresh basil, olive and garlic oil.
21. Goat's Cheese Calzone.  Goats cheese, grilled aubergines, roasted peppers, oven roasted tomatoes.
22. Vegan Spaghetti Lentil Ragu.  A hearty ragu of green lentils and mixed vegetables in a rich tomato and fennel sauce.
23. Jack Fruit Arrabiata.  Vegan jackfruit peppers, spicy harissa, roquito chilis & vegan Mozzarella cheese, finished with basil.
24. Halloumi Sticks with Mayo Avocado Dip.  Chunky sticks of grilled halloumi cheese with a chilli jam and mayo avocado dip.
25. Cheese Salad.  Smoked cheddar, cheddar and sage stuffing.
26. Falafel with Tahini.  Our signature recipe, served with a tahini dip.
27. Four Cheese Margherita.  Mozzarella, mascarpone, fontal and grana cheese on a tomato base.
28. Vegan Meatballs.  Vegan meatballs in a rich tomato and fennel sauce.
29. Bufala Caprese.  Specialty tomatoes and drizzle of roasted garlic in extra virgin olive oil with Buffalo mozzarella.
30. Butternut Squash Salad.  Roasted butternut squash with feta cheese, pomegranate seeds, mixed leaf salad and watercress.
31. Panchetta Carbonara.  crispy pancetta and asparagus in a velvety sauce made with mascarpone, pecorino and Grana Padano cheese.
32. Lentil Linguine Ragu.  Rich Italian lentil ragu with baby spinach, tomatoes, basil & pecorino cheese.
33. Aegean Slaw.  Thinly shredded cabbage, carrot and red onion peppers, with an olive oil dressing.
34. Goat's Cheese Salad.  Goat's cheese and balsamic onion crostinis on winter baby kale, red pepper, cucumber, plum tomatoes.
35. Harusami Aubergine.  Fried slices of aubergine with garlic & ginger sesame soy.
36. Inari Taco.  Golden tofu pockets filled with sticky sushi rice, avocado salsa & vegan sriracha mayo.
